A child of attention present
That language is very Germany's
I'll ask the
scent of honey
How can it be Let's have a
hundred hacking
How can it be
I don't know how to thank you.
What?
I'm just saying that you should thank me.
You shouldn't be so hard on me.
That's the problem.
Come on, get dressed.
Oh, there's a letter here.
Maybe it's you.
Yes.
What?
You are a man of the law.
Wait, let me see.
Oh, there you are.
Oh, come on.
Let me see.
What?
You are a man of the law.
It says that a man who is likely to stand up
is a man of the law.
There's a letter here.
Oh, it's from Mr. Gonpachi.
I'm not sure what his name is.
So,
now,
I don't know anything.
I don't know anything either.
What?
You are a man of the law.
No, I'm not.
That's right.
You are a man of the law.
I'm not sure what his name is.
Oh, you are a man of the law.
Mr. Gonpachi.
Let's see.
Oh, there you are.
The End
Thank you for watching.